I turn on my computer I go online
welcome and my breath catches in my
chest until I hear three little words
what is going on is an instability if
you're involved with someone on email
this woman is the most adorable creature
I've ever gonna contact with have you
had sex course I don't even know any
cyber sex no well but don't do it
there's a minute you do they lose all
respect for you in the city where
everyone's looking for someone Joe and
Kathleen have discovered the best way to
meet someone is to never meet at all
nothing
Hey what he dead where he lives exactly
no way what he couldn't possibly be the
rooftop killer what they don't realize
are you doing you're taking all the
caviar that caviar is a garnish is they
already have so far I'm in the book
business i through the book business
which I have said that a man who has
made my professional life in misery Oh
me something really how do you sleep at
night
Feist fight to the death is life
Donn's she's beautiful but she's a pill
on mine giving love do you think we
should meet meet oh my god I'm gonna say
hello I'm gonna have a cup of coffee and
I'm gonna split that's what I'm gonna do
none of us even doing this why am i
compel to even meet her relax just
taking it to the next level
I'm not gonna say that long anyway I
already said that did not yes you did go
he could be the next person to walk into
the store he could be please come up no
I don't really think that that is a good
idea because I have a terrible cold
[Music]
you